3 out of 4 of them at least and I have a connection to the fourth one who I haven't personally met and Yeah.
Those are things that I've embodied and know well enough to not only facilitate a book club, but support you in an even more in-depth way outside of the book itself.
So. I, really enjoyed that and would invite you all to join me if you're interested.
There's a $20 buy in by the way because we're dead serious. We'll give you your money back but you gotta read the books.
It's pretty serious, but traditionally the majority of the class participates and it's super fun.
So highly recommend that a lot of you during like the application process asked us for book recommendations and we told you we would get to that and here it is.
And this is something we've done probably like this may be the fifth rendition of it. Fourth or fifth condition.
So next is by popular demand. We know you guys want to read about each other. So we had our team craft this company look book.
It's super important that you keep this internal and has a lot of information about each of your companies.
That we have from the application process and then we put it together. So you can get to know each other, connect with one another, read about each other's companies.
And it'll also mitigate a lot of like get to know you stuff so we can just kind of kick it off and hang out next week.
So definitely check that out. Recordings during the past few weeks, I'm going to show you where those are in base camp docs and files today.
The program calendar will come out next week and make sure that I have your email on the class roster form so that you can get added to the Google calendar.
For the retreat, it's really important that you read this about timing so you know how to book your flight on the nineteenth after the retreat so that you have ample time to get back to Oakland from Tahoe.
I have another comment about that, by the retreat. So one other thing I wanted to mention is, and some of you may know this, some of you may not.
Texars has been in the news lately. So anybody paying attention in the past week, there's been a lot going on.
And and it's funny because like You know, we on the team, we're just kinda like.
We shut up in jam. You know, we're here to like help you all succeed and we're not worried about the noise.
That being said. I don't really hold back, at least with my founders, the people I invest in.
I will tell you all literally anything. But I do that in a very confidential context. So not on this recording call, for example, but definitely on that retreat.
We host an AMA with the entire team and then I go in depth, personally as well.
And a lot of the questions that you might have about what's going on or what's happening with these situations or other stories or things like that.
I will share as much as I can. Apparently share with you all in confidence. So just know that like you can always ask and you can always ask me privately as well if for something important or urgent on your mind.
But at the same time, I think it's a really beneficial context. At the retreat to have a lot of those serious conversations or at the retreat to have a lot of those serious conversations or at least be more vulnerable about, to have a lot of those serious conversations or at least be more vulnerable about, you know, our thoughts on what's going on and what really happens.
Right? I completely agree with Neil. And I think if you absolutely have to miss it, you can ask your team members to give you the download, but, it's better to be there in person.
And then this is.
Wait, so does Samarth have, some sort of tool that's reading out comments for him?
Are, do you have some like.
I think I think it might just be me, Neil. Yeah. Cause whenever. Yeah, it just reads out the comment, which is strange.
Hey, somebody taking over your computer? Yeah.
So I think it's a setting on my laptop.
Yeah.
Alright, watch out, man. They're watching. Yeah.
That's crazy. I've never heard that before. So I had some questions about next week.
There is only programming for Tuesday through Thursday next week. So I usually make pre program prep week too much, much lighter, because we've had a long week this week and we're gonna have a much longer week in week one.
So really take next week to prepare yourself personally and professionally to be able to dive in like every all day every day for the whole week one and the retreat.
So we are, we're only gonna have sessions 3 days of the week, mostly in the mornings, and then this afternoon one.
I know I told you guys only to book out in the mornings, so I made it optional.
But I had forgotten that we do a follow up breakout session for project management day in the afternoon. So I highly highly recommend that one.
That one we probably won't even record because it's completely interactive to take the learnings from me and Neil in the morning and apply them in groups.
So if you haven't booked anything and you can attend, I highly recommend that because that's where we'll implement what we teach.
Any questions on the? Pre-program update.
Sorry, Lydian, what time is the session this afternoon? Or the possession? Cool.
Oh, next person. Sorry. Okay.
Oh yeah, it's next Thursday afternoon. And I added all of you onto the calendar invite. So everyone, not just CEOs, everyone should see it.
And everyone should see this email. So if you didn't receive this email, this morning before the workshop, just stay on after this and we can just get it sorted.
Okay.
Great. Yep. Another question?
Okay, cool.
Yes, Fabian.
Yeah, a quick question. Like, how do you make the public announcement? Is it on the, on the 12 or we do like press release or And second question.
Yeah.
Over like textiles assets that we can, leverage and prepare from our end.
Yeah. I'm answers for both of this. So how we make that announcement is we have a tech stars newsroom, which is like our blog website, and then it gets amplified on social media.
So it'll come from Neil as a blog post on the tech stars newsroom. That's how we do it for every program.
Across tech stars and then they'll post it on LinkedIn you guys can share it and you will post to outpost it and then you'll get a lot of news.
And then the assets are pre program team is actively working on it. We make you guys a little like slide, a digital asset that has tech stars and your logo and we'll send those to you for day one.
We'll send it before day one. So you can use it for your announcement. It'll be in base camp.
Yeah, I have on my calendar set that the, in person week starts on March twelfth, but the email said next week.
Did I make a mistake somewhere?
No, I made a mistake. That's it. You're completely correct.
Okay. That would have driven up.
No, no, no, you're completely correct. That is a very good catch. I will actually edit that after this.
Awesome, thank you.
Yes, nobody go to Oakland yet. I will not be there.
I mean, I'm here, y'all trying to hang out, you know. Yeah, I'll be chilling.
Yeah, you can go show with Neil if you wanna show up early. Okay.
Yeah, that'd be cool.
Okay, I can take any other questions before we start with project management. And base camp. Anything else about the program ops or the update.
Alright, well kind of not really but like about the swag bags and the giveaway link. Is there any kind of update?
I know you mentioned that everyone will get one, but I've just been refreshing it every day and it hasn't like opened back.
Yeah, I checked black this morning from the operations team and I didn't see any updates about it.
So they're probably just waiting on manufacturers. I think I know a book is sold out and a hoodie is sold out so they're probably just waiting till they get both of those and then they'll put it back up.
So if I see an update, I'll put it in base camp otherwise, probably a couple of weeks.
Awesome, okay, thanks.
Yeah.
I was just curious to know if is this Texas Chicago on purpose on this slide. I love that.
Yeah, so I was gonna say so this is a deck I've used for a very long time like I've onboarded everyone to base camp since our very first class.
And so I've never changed the deck. This is our tenth and eleventh program. And I've actually never changed it.
So you'll see that the, examples are from our very first program and I kind of like it.
So I was looking at it yesterday and I decided to keep the branding because A lot of you may not know, but Neil and I started out and Sophie was actually there too.
In Techstar Chicago. And we ran that for a long time, 4 years. And now we were selected to move out to the bay.
Last summer. So we can tell you more about that in the retreat, but When we were talking on some of the other calls, I noticed that some of you may not know that.
So I kinda liked this little, you'll see a lot of stuff. We'll wear Texted, Chicago, Swag, stuff like that.
But the Chicago City Program is no more. So this is just kind of the evolution of our program. Like it has just become the Bay Area.
So these are your predecessors.
And you'll see a lot of the Chicago alumni on workshops and stuff. One will be here next week.
Cool. Okay, so project management for base camp. I'm going to go over some principles first.
And then I'll go over functionalities and then we'll put it all into context in a demo.
So the purpose of having base camp is not only to run the program, but Neil and I also are extremely invested in leveling up your project management skills.
When we teach at Northwestern, the 2 of us we require all of the students to use base camp as our learning.
Management software in addition to Canvas for the purpose of running their startup on base camp.
So every single student in our class goes into a group and makes a startup within those 12 weeks of the quarter.
And they are able to learn project management skills while doing the assignments for the class. And that's a similar idea for what we have here.
So as you're going through the program, you're going to be completing tasks and updating us and working async and through all of those things you're actually going to be leveling up your own project management skills to then apply back to your business in whatever way, shape, or form it works.
So you could use Asana or Trello or however you manage your business notion. Is that what you were gonna say now?
Okay.
That's exactly what I was gonna say, because I think initially whenever people hear us like, like talk about the tool that we use.
I think it's super important to make it known that we're by no means imploring you to use the tool that we use.
Everyone has their own preference or tool for whatever makes sense. So no judgment, no preference there.
We're just, we just happen to choose one ourselves that we know works really well for how we operate.
But by all means, use whatever tools, you know. Brings you joy.
Absolutely. And the principles that we teach are very much applicable across. And that's the real idea to take home here.
So. One being the value of asynchronous communication. Our program is hybrid. The way that we have run hybrid programs so successfully this whole time ever since the pandemic is through the value of asynchronous communication.
I'm sure many of you have heard of companies like Amazon and others who feel the same way where we don't want to waste time in meetings.
So a lot of things are sent ahead of time. A lot of things are written and not said. But along with that comes expectations.
So in our program itself, there's an expectation that you guys are constantly reading the things that are being posted.
There aren't things that are going posted and being unread so that there's information lost because we're not doing a daily stand up.
We're not requiring you all to be on call with us for announcements every morning like some programs do.
And you get a lot of time back and you're able to work in flow when we're not in workshops and we see a lot of value from that.
Just kind of a 2 way street and in the same way that we require that from you, you can require that from your future employees as well.
And you can give everybody some more time back. And not be in a bunch of meeting bloat, which is what they call it.
We'll get into a lot more about all of this in our project management day. This is just a taste.
So, a default to writing things out clearly and effectively. Like I said, it saves meeting time.
People can refer back to write ups, which is huge. This saves time for redundant question asking people being able to autonomously make decisions because they can refer back to things that were previously done.
It helps with onboarding because everything is written there and you just have a history. Of all decisions, why you made them, how to reproduce them for next time.
It saves a lot of time and it allows for a lot of people to work on their own in a very efficient manner.
And it also allows for everyone to stay in the note. So we run a very flat team. We really like to just have everything.
With everyone who is included. So putting a message post out in base camp allows everybody who may not have been included in a meeting if you had it in a meeting to see it.
So people who are working on other things can still stay in the know if they'd like to as much as they want to because you have it all written and able to be accessed.
Thoughtful messages and organized documents and completing to-do's will unlock more value in the program.
So there are a bare minimum amount of project management tasks that we ask of you, such as submitting your screening criteria, completing weekly to-do list.
But there are also a myriad of other things that you can unlock if you so choose. So a lot of people have a set amount of hours that they'd like to provide.
To our program. If you find yourself wanting more, we have more. So this is completely up to you.
It's kind of opt in, but we've built a myriad of templates.
Different to do list for many different needs. It could be marketing, co-founder relationships, becoming a better leader yourself as the CEO, everything.
We took the tech stars toolkit and turned it into a bunch of base camp templates.
So this kind of a choose your own adventure.
There's a cool background about it. Right? The background, I don't know if you're gonna show a screenshot of it and sorry to jump in, but, what's, really dope is This was an evolution from a response that I think.
I worked with Lilian on. When we were in our first program, this was. March of 2020, right?
Yeah.
Was that right? 4 years ago? 4 years ago this month or like right now. I made I was, I think I was the first managing director to take the team remote.
Anticipating the shutdowns with COVID. So the founders weren't happy about it. Everybody thought I was kind of crazy, but I kind of saw it coming.
So I immediately did work. To take the remainder of the program and put it into you know a format that allowed us to still support the founders even if we couldn't physically be in the office together.
So this is like the evolution of that original attempt. Right?
That's super cool. Do you wanna say more about like? What's required versus what they can unlock and kind of the value of that.
Oh, yeah, yeah. So, I mean, really it's like a select Lilian alluded to it's a choose your own adventure piece of the journey right so we have the set program and then there's each of you have a different situation some of you have like co-founder situations to navigate.
Others need to go way deeper when it comes to some of your metrics. Some of you are going to be fundraising during the program whereas others are gonna have a strategy to fundraise after the program.
If you're fundraising during the program, there's some additional steps you can take to hone in your pitch deck and get your data room together.
So we have a lot of additional steps that you can proactively take to make more progress. If that's a need that you have as an individual company.
Exactly. And then if you just go through the program with everything that's required, you're gonna learn a hundred percent of what we want you to learn.
So no pressure there and everything that we do require is going to teach you the same project management principles, which is what I like.
So much about this. So Basic is the tool we used to run our program. This is normally where I say what I already said, which is you can use whatever tool for yourself.
If you really like base camp, we do have an special unlimited all access path for Neil.
Yeah, did you want to say something.
Yeah, it's on my account though, so the only thing to keep in mind is that like we do have founders that leverage base camp to kind of manage their own teams and systems at least during the program sometimes afterwards.
Eventually you'll want to grow out of us so that you have full admin control of your own account.
But just know that like you're free to use, my 3 99 account for as long as you'd like.
Exactly. Okay, so let's go in the basics. I'm gonna use the screenshots from our first program to teach you the functionalities of base camp.
But I'll teach you the context in which we'll use the tools. In my demo. So first, when you log in to base camp.
This is the screen that you'll see. You'll see a myriad of projects, which are the white squares.
And then you'll see some tools at the top. And your profile in the top right. First is the HQ.
So I've been referencing HQ a lot and that is where our whole program lives. So all of you will be in there and all of our staff will be in there.
That is like our hub. That's where all announcements will happen. That's where you talk to one another.
That's where you get resources. That is where our program lives when we are online async and virtual.
Secondly, you'll see your own company project. So Cape Inclusion is one of our very first investments back in 2021.
And they had their own base camp project. So you'll see one with your company's name.
Lastly, it's not on here, but the CEOs will be in a separate CEO project, and that is just for streamlined communication of certain asks that we will have for you guys throughout the program.
So we'll just have a separate CEO channel for that. And that one's a lot more functional.
So anything that is So, should just go in the HQ for everyone to see.
At the top, you'll see pings, which are super important. Pings are just DMs.
So that's how you message me, Neil, anyone from the program, anyone from your classmates as well.
So this is another reason why I was saying yesterday when you're asking for LinkedIn handles to hold on because you can just message everybody within pings.
You can also do group pains. Neil, did you want to add?
Yeah, I have a cautionary note about pings because it tends to be abused because people are they jump into base camp and they immediately try to use it like slack.
And they forget that the reason that you know, this tool is designed the way it is is actually because we want to send more asynchronous connect messages rather than real time.
But the real time tools are nice. As a chat room, there's group chats. There's pings.
There's DMs, but I'll drop a link in the chat to kind of explain the contrasting philosophy of the design of the real time and ascent communication tools here.
Also, if you've already received your invite, I think we're slowly working through each of you.
Feel free to pull it up and follow along. A lot of the founders in the past have found that helpful.
So we have pings. And then we have Hey, hey is your inbox. So that is like basically your notification center like on an iPhone.
Everything that you've missed since the last time that you read, base camp will be in there. You'll see a dot with the notification number and you can just go through all of them.
That's every time I post an announcement that's every time someone replies to something that you post it in your company project, anything like that when someone tags you.
So basically if you go through your hey, you'll see every notification you need to. Have your eyes on.
In the top right, this is really important for when you first get into base camp. You can click on your profile.
It'll have your initials up there. And add a profile picture. This is in your to do list for this week because having a profile picture enhances the experience tenfold.
As you can see in the screenshot. Almost everyone in this picture has a picture. And it's way easier to see who is in what and to click on people when you can see their face versus, for example, where it says SM in the rising stars fund.
It's a little harder to know who it is when they have just initials. So we require everybody to add a profile picture right when you get into base camp.
You can also adjust settings up there. When you click on your in profile, you can ingest. Notification settings.
This is really important and I don't think I have a student job for it, but. There are 2 different features for base.
One is to get things all the time to get pushed notifications all the time, any time. And this can be on a mobile app on your phone.
This can be on a desktop app on both Windows and Mac, or you can access base camp in the browser.
I recommend the desktop app. I love the one that's for Mac. I personally have a Mac, but I know the Windows one works great too.
You can either get notifications all the time.
You should do it any bit as you love it or because
You can either have notifications come all the time or there's a really cool function for base camp called work can wait and that function allows you to set your set hours and you do not get notified outside of those hours.
I say this as a warning because our team works extremely asynchronously. So we have people in different time zones, sometimes nil and I will have things to do during the day and we will catch up on work in the night.
And so we may be messaging you at 1112 at night. If you do not want to receive those notifications, the owner is on YouTube.
Make sure that you use that feature. So it's dependent on how you want to work.
Okay.
You're gonna talk about that. Did you talk about the email thing?
No, that's the actually the most important thing. Do you want to say it now?
Okay, that's the most important. Oh, for sure. Yeah. So everybody knows, you should turn off email notifications.
During our program for this base camp. I can't recommend that enough. Inevitably somebody isn't going to do it or forget to do it and then you're going to start complaining about all the emails that you get.
And we're gonna take to turn off email notifications. So, there's a setting in the, in where LL, on this pointing, on the screen that allows you to do that and just turn them off.
And now all of a sudden base camp becomes this tech stars box for you. Where everything lives there and when you want something you go to it rather than being bombarded in your inbox with any notice is about it.
And you can turn on specific notifications for specific threads. If there is something you would like to come into your inbox, but by all means, don't take everything on unless you're a maniac.
It will be a lot. This is where we're running our whole program. So you can expect.
Like in the tens and tens of notifications per day. So it will be a lot of emails. That's probably the very first thing you should do.
I'll show you in the demo how to do that. So let's line the tools. I'm just going to explain what the tools do and when we pop into the demo we can look more.
Intensely at how to actually use them. For this program. So these are the 6 different tools that exist within a project that we will use for program.
So very first one is message board. Something you can think of as message board replacing is a bulletin board, something like that.
So also email announcements. The pre program updates you've been getting will now be replaced by messages being posted in the message board in the HQ.
Message board is also going to be a tool that you guys can use to post company asks. We've separated these 2 different message boards.
So you'll see 2 message boards in the HQ. One is to receive a bunch of announcements and important info from our team and the others to post asks.
This is a really helpful tool because a lot of our founders have different questions and asks throughout the program and post it there and then you can see the thread of comments.
Below where founders are helping founders. That has been one of the highest pieces of value that founders have gotten because you guys have such great insights and connections and advice so it's really helpful to post and ask to your fellow classmates.
It looks like Christy. Do you have a question?
Oh, just a quick question. What if we just, wanna share, like a recent win or, you know, just more like.
I love that.
Some kind of announcement. How should we manage that?
Yeah, so it's more social kind of like recent winds. That's what we use the campfire for.
So that was a perfect transition. Camp fire you should think of as the water cooler. So what a lot of our founders use this for is congratulating each other.
Maybe if they see each other in person during the virtual weeks, they'll send a picture in here.
Posting a recent win if you're in a competition you can ask us to vote for you. It's really important to know though that Camp Fire is just a never-ending chat.
So things will get missed. It's much more social. There's no expectation that people stay up to date on the campfire.
But that's where you would share something fun like that, Christy. So I loved that question.
If you have something that you want to make sure people see that like requires a response and it's really important, I would put it as a message post where it stays more permanent.
Neil and then Melanie.
I want to prominently repeat what you just said. Because I don't I haven't seen a program where this behavior is fully embraced and like I would love to see it happen with this group.
What Lilian just said was if it's something you want people to see. To post it as a message and not drop it in the campfire only.
You can do it. You can do both for redundancy, which is helpful. But be sure to send a message if you haven't asked to the group that you would like to get a response on or for people to see.
Camp fire is not a reliable place to assume that people will go to and review to be helpful to you.
We'll be sure to do as a team, of course. But just know that a lot of the times you will help each other.
I've like there's been so many phenomenal threads where people are like, hey, I need design feedback on this new feature or I just launched a new homepage and would love people's reactions or thoughts.
Or you're hiring for a new role and you send out the job description to folks and you'd like people to either you know make some recommendations or get the word out somehow.
Those are messages. In the same way that you would normally send an email to a group of people, to ask for a request.
Exactly. Melanie.
Yeah, I just got a question about so we get Boxer before so what's the difference between and Voxer to interact with you guys, what's best for you?
Yeah. That's a great question. I love that question. So pings, everything on Basecamp has an expectation of asynchronicity.
So when you send a ping, you're not going to get an immediate response back. However, our window of acceptable response is 24 to 48 h.
So you will hear from us. Voxer is for much more urgent matters. So if you send us a voice, memo on Vox here.
We assume it's urgent and that's kind of your direct pipeline to us. That's Neil, you know, I'm having issues with this new hire.
I need advice ASAP. This is your direct, you know, phone line to us. And we'll get back to you as soon as we can.
Okay, awesome. Thank you.
So whenever we're out of meetings, we check box there and try and respond right away. Yeah.
I'm noticing in the chat that everyone's trying to troubleshoot base camp right now with their access.
I would ask that you just hold off. Embrace what Lilian is talking about right now.
Draw your full attention here. And then at the end, once we're through it, we'll make sure everyone has the right access and we explain to you what you're seeing.
Cause I think right now if we keep responding to the questions in the chat, it'll take away from everybody being on the same page with what we're trying to say.
Perfect. Okay, the next tool. So that's message boarding campfire. The next tool is Docs and Files.
And this replaces Google Drive. So it's just like if we sent out a Google Drive folder with everything you need, it all lives here in base camp.
It does have integrations with Google Drive as you can see in this screenshot. There are some Google Sheets, links.
It has integrations with Air T. So like the look book is in there. And there are also things like this group habit.
Dock that you see there in yellow internal base camp docs. So those are 3 types of things you'll see in the docs and files.
That's also where you'll find, for example, I think Matthew asked about the digital assets.
That's where we will post those. The handbook will be in there. Also a welcome letter kit from our general manager with the code of conduct and thanks for you to read are in there.
Right away. So check those out after this session. The next feature is to do's. You won't see to do's in the HQ because it's not relevant there but to do's is a tool that you'll see in your company project.
This is where all of the work happens. So every week you'll see a weekly to do list.
And we can also instantiate extra to do lists for you in that choose your own adventure. Thing we were talking about.
For example, one that all of you will already get when you get into base camp today is the understanding your customers jobs to be done checklist that Kate, myself and Neil have made.
That's an example of something outside of a weekly to-do list. So there's an expectation that every Monday you check your to do's and you see everything you need to do for the week and that your comment and your responses to there if you have any questions you can ask us within the to do's and it just basically puts everything you need to know for program into one place.
Automatic check-ins. This is what we will use for our weekly KPI check-ins.
So starting in week 3, we do weekly KPI updates. I'll make a message post so that you know how to do it, but it will be in the automatic check-ins tool.
It will ask you every Monday, I think in the afternoon to post your KPI update and everyone will be able to see each others and comment.
And then we actually take the first 10 min of our KPI call. She'll go through that asynchronous check-in.
So it's just a way to create history so you can see your updates coming and going after. 9 weeks.
And the last one is schedule. This will reflect the base camp, the Google Calendar schedule.
The reason that we put the schedule in base camp as well is for not only redundancy, but to be able to comment.
So if you ever have any questions about the events or any specific meeting or if you took notes that a meeting that you want to share if you want to do a follow-up to something that happened in a meaning.
Every single event in the schedule. Is commentable. So we usually have a lot of people discussing certain things, asking for a workshop host emails, posting the notes that they took, or asking certain questions for an upcoming event.
It's really helpful to put those all in the schedule so that you can comment within context of the event.
These are examples of project management principles that we want to abide by. For the program. I think I saw a hand.
Was that malaria?
Yes, I was just gonna ask like kind of a maybe silly question about the to do's like I understand that You guys will be adding like 2 h to do list and then I'm assuming that we can also like create our own sub to do list within the team of like other stuff we need to get done.
Okay.
Yeah, I'd love that. You absolutely can. I always see a lot of companies.
Do that so that I'll have the to do list that I post and then I see a bunch happening and it makes me really happy to see you guys using it.
A much or as little as you want. That's the answer.
Okay, thank you.
Yeah.
Okay.
So now it's time for the demo.
Calvin, did you have a question?
Maybe not.
Maybe not. Okay. So let's get a base camp. Okay, so this is what my base camp looks like they're like a bunch of projects but you won't see all of those.
So I've highlighted in green what you will see. First, I'm going to go up here and show you the settings that we're talking about.
So if you click on your face, you will see you notification settings and you'll also see your profile.
If you click on your profile, you can change your profile picture to have your face which we highly highly encourage.
And then if you click on notification settings This guy right here is. Very important that you uncheck the box.
So you can go ahead and toggle all the other things to what you'd like. As I said, I have my notifications on for always, but you can also do work can wait.
And you can set your own hours and then they send you a catch up after hours. So that's completely valid for you if that's how you want to do it.
But I do do require that you do this because You do not know how many notifications you're about to get.
So back to the home page. Focusing on these green squares. For example, it looks like the example we have is a Ford Health.
So I'm going to go into the company project first. So when you get into your company project, you'll already see.
Chloe has posted a message post. You very first message post that you can read and it goes through.
Kind of everything I'm saying now for how to use your company project. We also have the to-do's.
When you click on to do's, you'll see your pre-program prep list, which is for this weekend next week.
You'll see your week one checklist, which is for week one, but you can look at it now.
And you'll see that. Brand new understanding your customers checklist, which goes through everything Neil and I have taught you for the past 3 days, as well as it goes forward a little bit into some future job speed and workshops that you'll see about putting it all together.
Yeah, and just so, to that list one more specific way. When Lilian mentioned the notion of unlocking.
Completing this list is what leads to a deep dive conversation with me. At the at the end.
So it's kind of like the culmination is like I will spend multiple hours with you bringing everything home and like working on the final next steps.
We've done that with several founders. It's always very fun. But Yeah.
Not everyone makes it all the way through, but for those of you who do, you get the you get the white glove treatment.
Yeah. So that's an example.
Also in your company project, you'll find the handbook. And you're going to put your pre work packet in here when it's finished.
And that's one of the to do's. We have a chat here as well. This is for much more casual things since it's just our program team and your team.
So if there's anything that you want to share with just us, you can put it here and we can get back to you.
The best way to ask us for things is in the message board. So if you have a specific company ask.
We'll get more into that. And I think Chloe explains it in this post. So be sure to read it.
But the message board is a great way within your individual company project to post and get help from our team.
If it's something like bigger than just a quick link or something. Perfect. So that's company project.
See, there's not much to go over here. This is much more, we will give you messages in here if we need stuff from you, but this won't be completely active all the time.
And then HQ is where the magic happens. So like I said, there's message board and Chloe has already uploaded my pre program updates one and 2 and this is where you'll start seeing my weekly what to expect messages which are a roadmap of the program.
They come out every Friday afternoon before the next week and it's just your complete roadmap for the whole week.
I go through every session what you need to know for the session, anything that's due, what's going on for the week, where you need to be and when.
And any other announcements you need to know. So it's kind of just like your newsletter for the week.
And those will be posted in message board. There's an expectation that you're reading those. Very scrutiny because there are a lot of details that will be very dense impact.
And then after that, if you have any questions, you can comment on the weekly what to expect message.
Just like so, you can click on each message and then at the bottom there's a bunch of comments so we can just start a thread.
That's where I prefer questions to go so that your classmates can see your questions and my answers rather than direct messaging me.
So that we don't have to answer the same questions multiple times. It's much easier to just put it there and everyone can see.
There's an additional message board which we call cohort support. Chloe has also written a message here to explain this, but this is for you guys to post and you can get support from us or your fellow cohort members for anything and you'll give some examples earlier.
Docs and files here. I want to go through these because it's pretty important that you know these are here.
First is the cohort lookbook, which I've already emailed you, same with the handbook.
Then we have the global network partner lookbook. These are what we call GNPs. And it's part of our perks network.
So when you get into tech stars universe, you'll be able to see the perks that come with our global network partners.
But if you want a head start, you can look at this PowerPoint. Everyone should get textures universe.
Access by the end of week one. Welcome letterkit is really important when you get in here so that you can read this welcome letter from our general manager, which is Neil and my boss, Rachel, who is awesome.
The code of conduct, which you're expected to adhere to, since signing the due diligence documents we sent you.
So I would read it if I were you because we do uphold the standard with you wearing the tech stars name as founders.
And the last one is another overview of our partners. So I just wanted you guys to know these are in here for you to read as soon as you get into base camp, super important.
Yeah.
I forgot we haven't shown them a dark mode.
Okay. Okay.
We got a dark mode. Yeah, I don't even know how you do this. I don't know how you look at this bright screen all the time, Liana.
I gotta use dark mode.
That's crazy.
Yeah, I like this mode. You guys can talk with the settings if you want to be cool like Neil.
I like this one because it goes with my purple. So I'm just a Northwesterner at Heart.
The other. Things in Docs and Files in person resources. So, has posted.
The Oakland Office Guide, the information for the retreat, all of that is in there and then workshop recordings are posted here for the past 4 days that we've had and we will upload this one as well as all the ones next week.
So throughout program, whichever sessions we do record and it's up to the workshop host, you can find them in this thread.
And then we have workshop resources, which is when someone shares a deck for example. So when we do financial modeling in week one, Troy will share a deck and then we'll put all the resources here.
That stocks and files.
Then we have chat, which is the same as Campfire. We renamed it to make it more.
Comprehensible but You guys have already started lighting up the chat. I appreciate that. And then we have schedule, which is what I said.
It's not populated yet, but once we've released the program schedule, we will have it, redundantly on here.
So for example, when you click on an event down here, you'll be able to go to a new screen that has an event and you can comment on it.
So that was like a very, very fast run through. I think we hit all of the different things you need to know.
Is there anything offhand like that you can think of that we're missing now?
There's just a lot more to learn about the tool over time. There's a lot of nuggets and like really beneficial things.
Like we've only scratched the surface for how you could utilize this. This this tool but you know don't allow it to overwhelm you and if it's not your vibe because everyone has a personal preference for what they like.
Some people want Coke, some people want Pepsi. So, you know what I'm saying?
Like it's all good if you just want to use it for what it is intended for for us and like leave the rest.
But there is a whole lot more like goodness here that I hope that many of you especially folks who enjoy thoughtful product, development.
Would appreciate.
Kelvin.
Yeah, thank you very much, lilliana, for the exposition I just noticed the the interface is a bit different.
With the mobile app and the you know, the computer, the desktop app. So, which would you prefer?
I know for ease of use, some people prefer mobile, but I think some of the things you were showing are not even present on the mobile.
So yeah. Do you prefer?
Yeah. So I I love the mobile app. I'm like basically on here instead of social media.
Like I just scroll this and reply to everybody. Like I really like the mobile app. I think it has most of the features.
Did you notice a feature that's not in here? Like is it missing a tool?
Yeah, some of the things you were showing about, some of the, I don't know what I is just the to do list.
You know, the place, the campfire and all, I think I was able to see the campfire but some of the other ones I couldn't see just the campfire and the groups you added on.
It might be rendered differently, Kelvin, but I will say that everything you can do on the desktop app, you can actually do on the mobile app and base can.
Okay, that's comforting to here. Yeah.
Yeah, that's a good question. So when you click on HQ, It's just laid out a little bit differently, but you can see it.
So it's not called campfire. It's called chat. My screenshot was outdated.
So you may be able to see it now if you look for chat, but I love the mobile app.
If you guys like being on the go and like kind of not tied down to your desk. It depends what your lifestyle looks like, but I just love being able to just be on base camp.
It's one app in one place. I don't have to be checking my email and Slack.
Everything's just there. So like I can get my founder asks from you guys, things that Neil needs, things my team needs and it's just all right there.
So I really do like toggling between mobile and desktop. Antonio.
Did you talk about,
No, but that's fun. Let's see if anyone figured it out. So we figured out replies.
There we go.
So, oh, we figured out boost. Awesome, guys. So boosts are this little rocket ship.
And it's emojis or it can be a character limit. You can type 2. And that's just to like basically react to things.
So we use those a lot. Antonio.
Yeah, so if you can go back to the main page where you see all the teams, I guess, or the previous one.
And I might have missed them. You might have said I might have missed it. I, I thought it was one for the company specifically for our for a specific company.
Is that correct?
Yeah, that's what afford health. This is an example of one. So it'll say your company name at the top.
And so here we can invite all our team members. Is that correct?
Yeah, so when you click on, if you click on to do's. Right here in your pre program prep, one of your to do next Friday is to list any additional team members you'd like included in your company base camp project.
Got it. Thank you.
And then we can, we'll add them for you. And that can be whoever you want. So that is a good question.
It does not have to be only full-time program participants. So only full time program participants who have signed up on the class roster and will be attending all of the programming.
Are added to the HQ. And so Chloe is going through the class roster and adding.
But in your own personal company project, we can add everyone. So if you have a contractor or an intern or a co-founder who's not participating in program.
Anything like that, we can put them in here. So that's kind of what we mean by additional team members.
There's really no limit. It's just people that you trust to see all of your company information.
Christie?
I noticed that you can stack, projects. How is that best used?
Yeah, I think it's best used when you get to a level where you have a lot lot lot of project.
For example, there are 24 of you. So when I add them up here, I will stack them all.
Another one is like the Rising Stars fund that Me, Neil and Sophie run. We have 2 projects for that, so I just stack them.
When you only have these 3 for now, I wouldn't recommend stacking them, but it's a lot more when you start getting crowded and you see a lot more projects.
That's actually a new feature. They only came out with that about 2 months ago and I think it's really cool.
Bob?
Sorry, I think you answered it before I came back around to me that we have to have our Team mates added in order for it to show up for them and be invited to the project.
Is that right?
Yeah, so in your to do list there's a to do and if you write them here we'll go through and check.
And we'll add them all to the project for you.
Okay, thanks.
We have a lot of time left to answer other questions, so. Fire away.
Good night. Oh, sorry.
Just maybe. Oh, go ahead.
Just everyone check to see if you can see the HQ if you can't see the HQ, DM me in the Zoom chat.
Thank you.
Thanks, Collie. MVP for today. David, you had a question?
Yeah, maybe if you can run through just one more time. Like the primary use cases of each.
Yeah.
Messaging feature because it feels like there's multiple I just wanna make sure I'm not spamming the wrong one.
No problem. That's a great question. And you guys can ask any question. Like I'll repeat anything because this is really important that we get this right before we begin program.
So message board is for our team to send you guys announcements. It's very important that you read everything on message board.
Sometimes it's just FYIs, sometimes it's urgent action items you need to do.
Sometimes it's announcements for upcoming things that will be starting. So everything we've explained about the program right now isn't everything.
So as the weeks unfold, we add more and more things. For example, I hinted at the KPI updates.
You're also get the weekly overview messages in there. Very, very important. That's on Friday afternoon evenings.
Then we have cohort support. Cohort support is for you guys to post anything you need.
You can post Questions about base camp that other people may be able to help you with you can post that you are in a competition and you want people to give you votes you can post if anyone has any ideas for a certain legal service you need or any sort of like SAS platform that you want ideas for.
Can also post if you have a new version out of your app and you want us to test it. And QA it for you.
It could be anything. You can also just ask for advice, whatever you guys need. And you'll see that the threads become really vibrant with people just helping each other and kind of jumping in and offering their insights.
And it's great to see how much everybody's background is so diverse and they have so many different skills and talents where we really are hills and valleys filling in each other's needs.
So I really, really recommend putting in any asks that you have through your company to your cohort here.
Docs and files is basically like This is just the file cabinet for tech stars Oakland. So everything that you will need that would be in like a Google Drive is here.
And we'll be adding more and more.
Chat is just our that's our water cooler for the program. So everyone in the program and our team are all in this chat.
And then schedule is that'll be redundant with Google Calendar. So a lot of people ask like what's the source of truth?
The first thing to be updated is Google Calendar if we have a change, but very soon after it's base camp.
The only thing about base camp is that that's where we want all of our questions. So if you have any questions about events or anything with scheduling, comment on the event itself.
Same with after an event has happened. You can put questions about it. You can put follow-up.
It's really helpful when people have notes or helpful insights about a session we just had. You follow up on the event itself.
So it's contextualized and people can go back. You will have access to this HQ forever.
So you can go back into the program schedule and see the notes and see everything from the program. So it's really helpful to have that in here.
And then in your in your company project, things take a little bit of a different form. The message board is for you to ask us anything that you need.
So this is separate from asking your class. This is things that you need. So if you need help with jobs to be done, if you have a question about something, tech stars related, something for your company that we can help you with, it goes in message board.
And then very rarely we will also post private announcements to you in the message board. For example, you'll get your mentor madness schedule in the message board there.
So like whenever we have company specific announcements. The to do's are weekly and that's really important the to do is tool in your company project.
We have pre-programmed prep week one and we have optional other modules such as understanding your customers.
Docs and files in here will house your assignments from the program that pertain to your company specifically.
So we won't be putting them in the HP for everyone. It's just in your company project.
And then the chat we leave in here in case there's news or other social things you want to share with our team specifically.
So this is kind of like your your little window into talking with us. This is like a private room.
A little conference room where we're in the trenches with you versus. HQ is kind of where our program lives.
Do you have any specific questions, David?
Just could you also touch on the pings in the hay again?
Yeah, yeah, no problem. So the hey is just your notification center. So every notification you get every time you're mentioned, every time a thread that we've added you on is, like posted, you'll see it there.
So if you just read all of your notifications, you'll be completely up to date on everything we want you to see.
It's akin to an inbox.
Because the poster can control who gets notified. For pains. Yeah, exactly. There's a little inbox like emoji here.
Pings, I'm gonna let Neil explain the use case for pings. In comparison to everything I just showed.
Yeah, so someone asked us in the chat earlier too. Pings are not too different than Boxer.
In that it's it's a written version of it where there's no voice. Memos or anything like that but you can send basically DMs and instant messages to individuals or anything like that.
But you can send basically DMs and instant messages to individuals or groups of people. So, you can leverage pings just like you would in any other context like Slack.
My only cautionary note with pings is that it tends to be abused by people who have bad hygiene from previous, like a more synchronous tools.
So just a fair warning.
Exactly. And when you're doing the written form, it's much better to put a written form like if you need to send us a doc to look at or you have a question about a link it's much better to put the written form in the ping because Voxers only on our phones.
So Voxer, it's much better to keep to just when you have a voice memo when you're asking a question you want to have an async conversation.
Anything that's written is much better to just write out in the paint. Any questions you have and we get back to you very quickly on both.
Boxer is like, we consider it as much more urgent because it tends to be a little bit closer to synchronous.
Pings are just async. We'll get back to you probably like a few hours later.
Mark.
Will we have the slides of the lectures in the docks?
Yeah. The size of this lecture or you mean in the future.
The previous lectures.
Yeah, so for the jobs to be done, we're just gonna post the recordings. We don't usually send out those slides.
So they're all here. I can post this deck if you want to see like the arrows pointing and the recordings will be here.
For all future external host workshops when they have slide decks they usually send it to us and we'll post it here in workshop resources.
So the Javs 3 down recordings are already posted here and you can look back at them.
Okay.
Jayla?
Okay, so tons of information, really great. Inevitably, I feel like I'm probably gonna get it wrong.
And so I'm just curious, like, if I'm using pings wrong or using the message board wrong, are these things where the tech start team will give us feedback or if like there's a worst offender of you know, using something wrong, how do we ensure that we're as a group, maintaining our digital hygiene?
I love that question. I've never heard it before. So Neil will gently nudge all of you.
You'll see. He'll just give like gentle edges like this would be better as a message post.
I like I encourage you to put it as a message post. Fernon is also really good at that.
So you'll see that. If you have like questions about Base Camp where you just can't figure something out, you can reach out to me or Chloe.
So where're just gonna be your go-to's like tech help and I'm happy to do it.
It makes me very happy to help all of you with project management. So don't be shy to just ask us any questions.
You can ping in this in a group suit. We can both help you. But yeah, so you'll get feedback gently.
In general, people will like start to see trends in then be able to figure it out like even if it's a little overwhelming right now.
But if you truly need help, I'm even happy to get on call. I've done that before too where like you just can't find something so we need to get on zoom and I can show you where I can film a video for you like happy to help to that extent as well, like super in depth.
Okay, cool. Thank you.
The only thing that actually grinds my gears is when somebody doesn't update their profile photo and I have to look at their initials the whole program.
That's the worst.
Yeah, we made.
For the pro. Do they have to be like our headshots or could we make a little more?
But I'm saying like a professional business headsh or could it be more?
It should be so people can like see your face so they know who's messaging. No, no, you should yeah you should you know spice it up make it interesting There you go.
Alright, Bob. I'll let it pass. Yeah.
I like this one. You can even do something like that. Yeah. But it can be fun too.
Like I like.
I think. Does it take some time to refresh? Cause I did update my profile picture, but I don't think I still see the initials.
It does take time. Yeah, it takes some time.
Gotcha.
I just refreshed and saw a bunch more faces. We're getting there. Cool. Okay, Pardo.
Do you like Pardo or Purdue?
Okay.
Oh, it was fine. Thanks for asking. I actually have a question. So around like the more intimate like personal questions that say I just like wrapped up of venture capital meeting and you know I have a bunch of questions from like the meeting.
Where would, would I post that in my dedicated team message board and that'll alert you guys and then you'll just be able to respond.
At your
Yeah, let me show you. So that's exactly right. You would go in your personal message board.
We're gonna write a post and then you go down here. This is a great question actually. I've never demoed this to.
The founders at this point, but basically you write your message. And then at the bottom it says.
Okay.
All 20, all 12 people who can see this project, which is our whole team plus the 5 associates.
The 5 associates can be trusted with all of your info as well. They're like our helping hands and they're all university students we pan picked.
Got it.
And then in the case you want to only send it to one, you can, but that doesn't make as much sense.
Right.
Because we're all on the project. So. I highly recommend just notifying all of us so that we can all help you.
Okay, perfect. Thanks.
Yep, and then we'll all get it in our hey and then we'll read through it.
If it's even more sensitive though or more confidential. You can always reach out to some of us either directly via Ping, grouping or onboxer.
Got it. Great. Yeah, I'm just getting into like the later stages of a couple of meetings and I just want to know if I'm.
Yep.
Things are fair from like a you know legal and just bunch of different aspects. So yeah, I wasn't sure that those messages should go.
Sure.
Yeah. Yeah, that's a good question. A lot of people will vox me all like talking through it, at that stage.
Like
Well, Antonio?
Bye. Thank you.
Yeah, so the part for the our specific team like this, this page, can we keep using after the program as well or?
Do we have to pay then the monthly fee for that or how? Would that work?
No, you can absolutely use it after program. I'll let Nail talk about it.
I got the hook up.
Okay. Okay.
Simple enough. Yeah.
So for free. So what Neil was saying earlier is you can use it for as long as you want.
We still have some companies using, Neil's account. It's an unlimited free.
It's like a special deal. We can tell you more about it in the founder story on the retreat.
But at some point you will want to get your own base camp once you've grown to a certain size of a company because Neil and I will always be the owners of this account.
So you won't ever really have admin access. However, while you're operating as a small team, like, yes, you can stand with this umbrella as long as you'd like.
Thank you.
Send it?
Yeah, I might be looking at this wrong. I'm trying to find out how to get to the company projects.
Is that still being updated or is how do I get there?
Chloe, do you wanna unmute?
Okay.
Those phone works not everyone has their company project yet, but if you've got you on the HQ, will be able to make sure everyone gets in there.
Okay, thank you.
Doing great, Clay. This double cohort, so many faces to add.
How else can I help? What other questions do people have?
Look at that, we have our first cohort asked.
I think my. Oh, there we go. Yeah, there's an ask already. Good.
Let's go.
I love that. The only thing, the last thing I'll say to frame this whole tutorial that you just experienced is that you can think of this as our program operating system.
Simple enough, right? So it's just like everything that you need all in one place. And like we've said before.
From what I have seen and know. Pretty much any other program that you would go through would have you do notion, slack, email.
And maybe even a few other tools. So hopefully this is a seamless experience for you all and it saves you some time.
Other questions?
We did it.
First workshop to end early.
Okay. Let's go. That was very efficient. So I will stay on.
Me too. Yeah.
I'm sure there are a lot of personal questions. So we'll go ahead and end it here.
Thank you all so much. We'll see you on Tuesday morning for W 3. So get excited for that and make sure that you sign up.
For your screening criteria one on ones between now and Tuesday. I will stand for any questions, but thanks guys.
Enjoy this